Add app service settings (#1116)
livebook-dev/livebook: README.md

The following environment variables configure Livebook:

>   * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_NAME - set a application service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_NAME - sets the application name used by the cloud
    provider to aid debugging
```

>   * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_URL - set a application service url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_URL - sets the application url to manage this
    Livebook instance within the cloud provider platform.
```

    "attached:NODE:COOKIE" (Attached node) or "embedded" (Embedded).
    Defaults to "standalone".

>   * LIVEBOOK_FORCE_SSL_HOST - set a host to redirect to if the request is not over HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LIVEBOOK_FORCE_SSL_HOST - sets a host to redirect to if the request is not over HTTP.
```

  * LIVEBOOK_FORCE_SSL_HOST - set a host to redirect to if the request is not over HTTP.
    Note it does not apply when accessing Livebook via localhost. Defaults to nil.

>   * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_NAME - set a application service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LIVEBOOK_APP_SERVICE_NAME - sets the application name used by the cloud
    provider to aid debugging
```
